{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 Times New Roman;}}\f0\fs24\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs32 LEGAL CITATION EDITING GUIDE\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc Generated: 8/4/2025 at 5:12:51 PM\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 HOW TO USE THIS GUIDE:\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 1. Find each citation in your original document using the "Context" sections below\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2. Follow the "Action Required" instructions for each citation\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3. Citations are listed in the same order they appear in your document\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 SUMMARY STATISTICS:\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Total Citations: 18\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Verified: 9\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Mismatches (Need Correction): 3\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Possibly Hallucinated: 1\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Not Found (Delete): 4\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 ALL CITATIONS (In Document Order):\b0\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 1: NOT FOUND\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 112 F.4th 820\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 DELETE - Citation not found in legal database\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...fectively rendering it a lawless frontier for corporate exploitation. Wyoming v. Aqua Genesis, LLC, 112 F.4th 820 (10th Cir. 2025). This holding ignores centuries of common law, misinterprets this Court’s foundati...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 2: VERIFIED\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 564 U.S. 410\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 No action needed - Citation verified\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...ity Act preempted any federal common law claims, citing American Electric Power Co. v. Connecticut, 564 U.S. 410 (2011). Finally, it found no Dormant Commerce Clause violation because Aqua Genesis was acting purs...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 3: MISMATCH\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 41 U.S. 16\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 CHANGE CASE NAME from "Martin v. Waddell" to "Swift v. Tyson"\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...reign for the benefit of the public. This Court first recognized the doctrine in Martin v. Waddell, 41 U.S. 16 (1842), and gave it its most forceful articulation in Illinois Central Railroad Co. v. Illinois, 14...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 4: VERIFIED\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 146 U.S. 387\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 No action needed - Citation verified\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...16 (1842), and gave it its most forceful articulation in Illinois Central Railroad Co. v. Illinois, 146 U.S. 387 (1892), where it invalidated a state’s attempt to grant the entire Chicago harbor to a private rail...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 5: VERIFIED\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 505 U.S. 1003\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 No action needed - Citation verified\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...t has implicitly recognized the doctrine’s flexibility. In Lucas v. South Carolina Coastal Council, 505 U.S. 1003 (1992), the Court acknowledged that the state’s power to regulate property to prevent harm is roote...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 6: NOT FOUND\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 598 U.S. 112\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 DELETE - Citation not found in legal database\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ... integrity of the water cycle.
The lower court’s reliance on Atmos-Clear, Inc. v. State of Montana, 598 U.S. 112 (2019), is entirely misplaced. That case, which involved cloud-seeding for hail suppression, is not...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 7: POSSIBLY HALLUCINATED\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 598 F. Supp. 2d 112\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 VERIFY CASE NAME - May be hallucinated. Actual case: "Rumber v. District of Columbia"\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...t of 1976. Furthermore, the citation is incorrect; the case was a district court matter reported at 598 F. Supp. 2d 112 (D. Mont. 2019). The Tenth Circuit’s failure to correctly identify and analyze the precedent before...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 8: NOT FOUND\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 12 Pick. 34\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 DELETE - Citation not found in legal database\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...r error of law. The court should have instead looked to Commonwealth v. Weather Modification Guild, 12 Pick. 34 (Mass. 1831), which, while ancient, correctly established that no individual has the right to "mate...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 9: MISMATCH\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 531 U.S. 159\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 CHANGE CASE NAME from "Solid Waste Agency of Northern Cook Cty. v. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers" to "Solid Waste Agency of Northern Cook County v. United States Army Corps of Engineers"\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...f land and water use. See Solid Waste Agency of Northern Cook Cty. v. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, 531 U.S. 159 (2001). The NWSA contains no clear statement of preemptive intent. Its stated purpose is to "promot...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 10: VERIFIED\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 547 U.S. 715\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 No action needed - Citation verified\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...context, "We hesitate to attribute to Congress a purpose so mischievous." Rapanos v. United States, 547 U.S. 715, 752 (2006) (plurality opinion).
Respondents’ reliance on American Electric Power Co. v. Connecticu...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 11: NOT FOUND\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 564 U.S. at 424\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 DELETE - Citation not found in legal database\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...greenhouse gas emissions because the Act spoke “directly” to the issue and entrusted it to the EPA. 564 U.S. at 424. Here, the NWSA does not speak directly to the issue of interstate water vapor diversion. It is a g...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 12: VERIFIED\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 479 U.S. 481\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 No action needed - Citation verified\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...e like the Clean Air Act. The proper analogue is not AEP, but International Paper Co. v. Ouellette, 479 U.S. 481 (1987), where the Court found that the Clean Water Act did not preempt state-law nuisance claims fo...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 13: VERIFIED\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 467 U.S. 837\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 No action needed - Citation verified\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...s were entitled to deference under Chevron U.S.A., Inc. v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., 467 U.S. 837 (1984). Chevron deference applies only when an agency interprets an ambiguous statute it administer...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 14: MISMATCH\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 488 U.S. 200\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 CHANGE CASE NAME from "Chevron v. South Carolina Coastal Council" to "National Collegiate Athletic Assn. v. Tarkanian"\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...power between the states and the federal government. See Chevron v. South Carolina Coastal Council, 488 U.S. 200 (1989). The FWAA’s interpretation of the NWSA as granting it the power to approve the effective sei...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 15: VERIFIED\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 437 U.S. 617\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 No action needed - Citation verified\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ... discriminate against or unduly burden interstate commerce. See City of Philadelphia v. New Jersey, 437 U.S. 617 (1978). While this case involves a private actor, the principle applies because Aqua Genesis is ope...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 16: VERIFIED\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 336 U.S. 525\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 No action needed - Citation verified\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ...m" that the Dormant Commerce Clause was designed to prevent. See H.P. Hood & Sons, Inc. v. Du Mond, 336 U.S. 525 (1949). The fact that the resource is captured before it crosses the state line is irrelevant. No s...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 17: VERIFIED\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 209 U.S. 349\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 No action needed - Citation verified\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ... own internal waters. The principle was clearly established in Hudson County Water Co. v. McCarter, 209 U.S. 349 (1908), which held that a state’s police power does not extend to preventing the flow of river wate...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs26 Citation 18: VERIFIED\b0\fs24\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Citation Text: \b0 397 U.S. 137\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Action Required: \b0 No action needed - Citation verified\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Context in Your Document: \b0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i ... weighing the local benefits against the burden on interstate commerce. Pike v. Bruce Church, Inc., 397 U.S. 137 (1970). Here, the burden on Wyoming—total economic and ecological collapse—is catastrophic, while t...\i0\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 (The citation to check/fix is marked with [[ ]] brackets above)\fs24\par\par}